<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.14
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>a2055520zex-10_14.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.14
<TEXT>
<Page>


                   NORTHWESTERN PUBLIC SERVICE - SOUTH DAKOTA

                              SERVICE REQUEST FORM

This form shall constitute the Customer's Agreement to the terms of the Gas
Transportation Tariff. The Company shall have the right, to file for, and seek
approval by the South Dakota Public Utilities Commission of, changes in rates,
charges or other tariff provisions applicable to service hereunder and to place
such changes in effect in accordance with applicable law; and this Agreement
shall be deemed to have been amended to include such changes and any other
changes which become effective by operation of law or by order of any
governmental body with jurisdiction.

This agreement shall become effective as of INITIAL START-UP PLANT, and shall be
in effect for a primary term of 10 year(s) from such date, with a 10 year
rollover right at the same rate exercisable by Dakota Ethanol, and from year to
year thereafter, unless and until terminated by either party upon six (6)
months' written notice.

CUSTOMER NAME:  DAKOTA ETHANOL - LLC
              -----------------------

CUSTOMER ACCOUNT NUMBER:                                     SIC CODE:  2869
                         -----------------------------------

NORTH AMERICAN INDUSTRY CLASSIFICATION SYSTEM CODE:  325193
                                                   ---------

CUSTOMER ADDRESS - GAS DELIVERY POINT:  WENTWORTH, SD
                                      ----------------

CUSTOMER ADDRESS - NOTICES:  P.O. BOX 100 WENTWORTH, SD 57075
                           -----------------------------------

CUSTOMER ADDRESS - INVOICES:  P.O. BOX 100 WENTWORTH, SD 57075
                           -----------------------------------

CUSTOMER CONTACT:  ROB BROIN/STEVE SERSHEN  TITLE:  V. P.
                 --------------------------       ---------

PHONE:  605-483-2676       FAX:  605-489-2677
       -------------            --------------

RECEIPT POINT (NWPS TBS):  LAKE MADISON
                          --------------

DELIVERY POINT:  DAKOTA ETHANOL
                ----------------

METER NUMBER(S):

PREVIOUS RATE DESIGNATION(S):  N/A
                              -----

SERVICE QUANTITY:          THERMS/DAY                42,000

FIRM TRANSPORTATION:       THERMS/DAY

DAILY BALANCING:           THERMS/DAY

STANDBY SUPPLY             THERMS/DAY

<Page>

                   NORTHWESTERN PUBLIC SERVICE - SOUTH DAKOTA

                              SERVICE REQUEST FORM

PRICING:

From time to time, Customer and Company shall negotiate a rate and term of
transportation which shall be by purchase nomination order in the form which is
attached as Exhibit A and incorporated by reference in this Agreement.

Service Qualifications:

The Company is notifying Customers who have elected Gas Transportation Service
of the risks of transportation reasonably known at the time the Customer begins
transporting gas. The Customer hereby understands it may be subject to risks
which include, but may not be limited to, the following:

         1)       The Company may not have firm or interruptible gas sales
                  service available if the Customer seeks to purchase gas from
                  the Company;

         2)       The Customer may be subject to pipeline penalties assessed to
                  the Company which are caused by the Customer consuming the
                  Company's gas with no authority to do so; and

         3)       If the Customer elects to discontinue transporting gas and if
                  the Company is able to secure a source of gas supply and
                  transportation for the Customer, the cost of such gas and
                  transportation may exceed the cost of gas being purchased by
                  the Company's other Customers.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed this Service Request Form
as of the day and year set forth below.

Company                                              Customer

Northwestern Public Service                          Dakota Ethanol - LLC
                                                     --------------------


By: /s/ Glen Hen                                     By: /s/ Jeff Broin
  -------------------------                             ------------------------

Title: Vice President                                Title: Vice Chairman
      ---------------------                                ---------------------

Date: 8/10/00                                        Date: 8-25-00
     ----------------------                               ----------------------

<Page>

                   NORTHWESTERN PUBLIC SERVICE - SOUTH DAKOTA
                              SERVICE REQUEST FORM


                                   EXHIBIT "A"
                            GAS TRANSPORTATION TARIFF
                            PURCHASE NOMINATION ORDER

         This Purchase Nomination Order ("PNO") is made and entered into by and
between Customer and Company. This PNO is pursuant to and in accordance with the
provisions of the Agreement for Gas Transportation Tariff executed between the
Parties and Company's Gas Transportation Tariff as on file with and made
effective by the South Dakota Public Utilities Commission.

TELECOPY TO:  Dakota Ethanol

ATTENTION:  Steve Sershen

Telephone: 605-483-2676    Telecopier: 605-489-2677

RATES:

Transportation: $0.12 per MMBtu transported (Up to 1,533,000 MMBtu/Yr.)
                                           Total maximum annual cost equals
                                           $183,960 unless capital improvements
                                           are required.

Others:

     Customer Charge - SDPUC Rate No. 87B tariff
     No NorthWestern Pubic Service fuel retention

Please acknowledge the terms outlined above by signing below, and return via
facsimile to 605-353-8216.
             ------------

NorthWestern Public Service               DAKOTA ETHANOL -LLC
"Company"                                 -------------------
                                          "Customer"

/s/ Glen Hen            8/10/00           /s/ Jeff Broin             8/25/00
------------------------------------    ----------------------------------------
Name                   Date               Name                      Date

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
