<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.17
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>v88605exv10w17.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.17
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.17

                        BIG 5 SPORTING GOODS CORPORATION

                            INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT

      THIS INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT is made and entered into as of the ____ day
of June, 2002 (the "Agreement"), by and between Big 5 Sporting Goods
Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and ___________, an
individual (the "Indemnitee"), with reference to the following facts.

      RECITALS:

      A. The Company desires the benefits of having Indemnitee serve as an
officer and/or director secure in the knowledge that any expenses, liability
and/or losses incurred by him in his good faith service to the Company will be
borne by the Company or its successors and assigns.

      B. Indemnitee is willing to serve in his position with the Company only on
the condition that he be indemnified for such expenses, liability and/or losses.

      C. The Company and Indemnitee recognize the increasing difficulty in
obtaining liability insurance for directors, officers and agents of a
corporation at reasonable cost.

      D. The Company and Indemnitee recognize that there has been an increase in
litigation against corporate directors, officers and agents.

      E. The Company's Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws allows
and requires the Company to indemnify its directors, officers and agents to the
maximum extent permitted under Delaware law.

      NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereby agree as follows:

      1. Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement:

            (a) "Agent" shall mean any person who is or was a director, officer,
employee or agent of the Company or a subsidiary of the Company whether serving
in such capacity or as a director, officer, employee, agent, fiduciary or other
official of another corporation, joint venture, trust or other enterprise at the
request of, for the convenience of, or to represent the interests of the Company
or a subsidiary of the Company.

            (b) "Disinterested Director" shall mean a director of the Company
who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding in respect of which
indemnification is being sought by Indemnitee.

            (c) "Expenses" shall be broadly construed and shall include, without
limitation, (a) all direct and indirect costs incurred, paid or accrued, (b) all
attorneys' fees, retainers, court costs, transcripts, fees of experts, witness
fees, travel expenses, food and lodging expenses while traveling, duplicating
costs, printing and binding costs, telephone
<PAGE>

charges, postage, delivery service, freight or other transportation fees and
expenses, (c) all other disbursements and out-of-pocket expenses, including all
costs incurred in connection with investigating any Proceeding, (d) amounts paid
in settlement, to the extent not prohibited by Delaware Law, and (e) reasonable
compensation for time spent by Indemnitee for which he is otherwise not
compensated by the Company or any third party, actually and reasonably incurred
in connection with or arising out of a Proceeding, including a Proceeding by
Indemnitee to establish or enforce a right to indemnification under this
Agreement, applicable law or otherwise.

            (d) "Independent Counsel" shall mean a law firm or a member of a law
firm that neither is presently nor in the past five (5) years has been retained
to represent: (a) the Company, an affiliate of the Company or Indemnitee in any
matter material to either party or (b) any other party to the Proceeding giving
rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the term "Independent Counsel" shall not include any person who, under the
applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing would have a
conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an
action to determine Indemnitee's right to indemnification under this Agreement.

            (e) "Liabilities" shall mean liabilities of any type whatsoever,
including, but not limited to, judgments or fines, ERISA or other excise taxes
and penalties, and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest,
assessments or other charges paid or payable in connection with any of the
foregoing) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with a
Proceeding.

            (f) "Delaware Law" means the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware, as amended and in effect from time to time or any successor or other
statutes of Delaware having similar import and effect.

            (g) "Proceeding" shall mean any pending, threatened or completed
action, hearing, suit or any other proceeding, whether civil, criminal,
arbitrative, administrative, investigative or any alternative dispute resolution
mechanism, including without limitation any such Proceeding brought by or in the
right of the Company.

      2. Employment Rights and Duties. Subject to any other obligations imposed
on either of the parties by contract or by law, and with the understanding that
this Agreement is not intended to confer employment rights on either party which
they did not possess on the date of its execution, Indemnitee agrees to serve as
a director or officer so long as he is duly appointed or elected and qualified
in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Restated Certificate of
Incorporation (the "Certificate") and Bylaws (the "Bylaws") of the Company or
any subsidiary of the Company and until such time as he resigns or fails to
stand for election or until his employment terminates. Indemnitee may from time
to time also perform other services at the request, or for the convenience of,
or otherwise benefiting the Company. Indemnitee may at any time and for any
reason resign or be removed from such position (subject to any other contractual
obligation or other obligation imposed by operation of law), in which event the
Company shall have no obligation under this Agreement to continue Indemnitee in
any such position.


                                     - 2 -
<PAGE>

      3. Directors' and Officers' Insurance.

            (a) The Company hereby covenants and agrees that, so long as
Indemnitee shall continue to serve as a director or officer of the Company and
thereafter so long as Indemnitee shall be subject to any possible Proceeding,
the Company, subject to Section 3(c), shall maintain directors' and officers'
insurance in full force and effect.

            (b) In all policies of directors' and officers' insurance,
Indemnitee shall be named as an insured in such a manner as to provide
Indemnitee the same rights and benefits, subject to the same limitations, as are
accorded to the Company's directors or officers most favorably insured by such
policy.

            (c) The Company shall have no obligation to maintain directors' and
officers' insurance if the Company determines in good faith that such insurance
is not reasonably available, the premium costs for such insurance are
disproportionate to the amount of coverage provided, or the coverage provided by
such insurance is limited by exclusions so as to provide an insufficient
benefit.

      4. Indemnification; General Agreement. The Company shall indemnify
Indemnitee to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by Delaware Law and the
provisions of the Certificate and Bylaws of the Company in effect on the date
hereof, and as Delaware Law, the Certificate and Bylaws may from time to time be
amended (but, in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent such
amendment permits the Company to provide broader indemnification rights than
Delaware Law, the Certificate and/or Bylaws permitted the Company to provide
before such amendment). The right to indemnification conferred in the
Certificate shall be presumed to have been relied upon by Indemnitee in serving
or continuing to serve the Company as a director or officer and shall be
enforceable as a contract right. Without in any way diminishing the scope of the
indemnification provided by the Certificate and this Section 4, the Company
shall indemnify Indemnitee if and whenever he is or was a witness, party or is
threatened to be made a witness or a party to any Proceeding, by reason of the
fact that he is or was an Agent or by reason of anything done or not done, or
alleged to have been done or not done, by him in such capacity, against all
Expenses and Liabilities actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on
his behalf in connection with the investigation, defense, settlement or appeal
of such Proceeding. In addition to, and not as a limitation of, the foregoing,
the rights of indemnification of Indemnitee provided under this Agreement shall
include those rights set forth in Sections 5, 6, 7 and 8 below.

      5. Payment of Expenses.

            (a) All Expenses incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee shall be
advanced by the Company to Indemnitee within twenty (20) days after the receipt
by the Company of a written request for such advance which may be made from time
to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of a Proceeding (unless
there has been a final determination by a court of competent jurisdiction that
Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified for such Expenses). Indemnitee's
entitlement to advancement of Expenses shall include those incurred in
connection with any Proceeding by Indemnitee seeking a determination, an
adjudication or an award in arbitration pursuant to this Agreement. The requests
shall reasonably evidence the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in connection


                                     - 3 -
<PAGE>

therewith. Indemnitee hereby undertakes to repay the amounts advanced if it
shall ultimately be determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

            (b) Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, to the
extent that Indemnitee has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense
of any Proceeding, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually
and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection therewith.

      6. Procedure for Determination of Entitlement to Indemnification.

            (a) Whenever Indemnitee believes that he is entitled to
indemnification pursuant to this Agreement, Indemnitee shall submit a written
request for indemnification (the "Indemnification Request") to the Company to
the attention of the President with a copy to the Secretary. This request shall
include documentation or information which is necessary for the determination of
entitlement to indemnification and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee.
Determination of Indemnitee's entitlement to indemnification shall be made no
later than forty-five (45) days after receipt of the Indemnification Request.
The President or the Secretary shall, promptly upon receipt of Indemnitee's
request for indemnification, advise the Board in writing that Indemnitee has
made such request for indemnification.

            (b) The Indemnification Request shall set forth Indemnitee's
selection of which of the following forums shall determine whether Indemnitee is
entitled to indemnification:

            (i) A majority vote of Directors who are not parties to the action
            with respect to which indemnification is sought, even though less
            than a quorum.

            (ii) A written opinion of an Independent Counsel (provided there are
            no such Directors as set forth in (1) above or if such Directors as
            set forth in (1) above so direct).

            (iii) A majority vote of the stockholders at a meeting at which a
            quorum is present, with the shares owned by the person to be
            indemnified not being entitled to vote thereon.

            (iv) The court in which the Proceeding is or was pending upon
            application by Indemnitee.

      The Company agrees to bear any and all costs and expenses incurred by
Indemnitee or the Company in connection with the determination of Indemnitee's
entitlement to indemnification by any of the above forums.

      7. Presumptions and Effect of Certain Proceedings. No initial finding by
the Board, its counsel, Independent Counsel, arbitrators or the shareholders
shall be effective to deprive Indemnitee of the protection of this indemnity,
nor shall a court or other forum to which Indemnitee may apply for enforcement
of this indemnity give any weight to any such adverse finding in deciding any
issue before it. Upon making a request for indemnification,


                                     - 4 -
<PAGE>

Indemnitee shall be presumed to be entitled to indemnification under this
Agreement and the Company shall have the burden of proof to overcome that
presumption in reaching any contrary determination. The termination of any
Proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, arbitration award or conviction, or
upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, (a)
adversely affect the rights of Indemnitee to indemnification except as
indemnification may be expressly prohibited under this Agreement, (b) create a
presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which he
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company
or (c) with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, create a presumption
that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.

      8. Partial Indemnification. If Indemnitee is entitled under any provision
of this Agreement to indemnification by the Company for some or a portion of the
Expenses, judgments, fines or penalties actually or reasonably incurred in the
investigation, defense, appeal or settlement of any Proceeding, but not,
however, for the total amount thereof, the Company shall nevertheless indemnify
Indemnitee for the portion of such expenses, judgments, fines or penalties to
which Indemnitee is entitled.

      9. Remedies of Indemnitee in Cases of Determination not to Indemnify or to
Not Advance Expenses.

            (a) In the event that (a) an initial determination is made that
Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, (b) advances for Expenses are not
made when and as required by this Agreement, (c) payment has not been timely
made following a determination of entitlement to indemnification pursuant to
this Agreement or (d) Indemnitee otherwise seeks enforcement of this Agreement,
Indemnitee shall be entitled to a final adjudication in an appropriate court of
the State of Delaware of his entitlement to such indemnification or advance.
Alternatively, Indemnitee at his sole option may seek an award in arbitration.
If the parties are unable to agree on an arbitrator, the parties shall provide
JAMS Endispute ("JAMS") with a statement of the nature of the dispute and the
desired qualifications of the arbitrator. JAMS will then provide a list of three
available arbitrators. Each party may strike one of the names on the list, and
the remaining person will serve as the arbitrator. If both parties strike the
same person, JAMS will select the arbitrator from the other two names. The
arbitration award shall be made within ninety (90) days following the demand for
arbitration. Except as set forth herein, the provisions of Delaware Law shall
apply to any such arbitration. The Company shall not oppose Indemnitee's right
to seek any such adjudication or arbitration award. In any such proceeding or
arbitration Indemnitee shall be presumed to be entitled to indemnification under
this Agreement and the Company shall have the burden of proof to overcome that
presumption.

            (b) An initial determination, in whole or in part, that Indemnitee
is not entitled to indemnification shall create no presumption in any judicial
proceeding or arbitration that Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of
conduct for, or is otherwise not entitled to, indemnification.

            (c) If an initial determination is made or deemed to have been made
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to
indemnification, the


                                     - 5 -
<PAGE>

Company shall be bound by such determination in the absence of (a) a
misrepresentation of a material fact by Indemnitee in the request for
indemnification or (b) a specific finding (which has become final) by a court of
competent jurisdiction that all or any part of such indemnification is expressly
prohibited by law.

            (d) The Company and Indemnitee agree herein that a monetary remedy
for breach of this Agreement, at some later date, will be inadequate,
impracticable and difficult to prove, and further agree that such breach would
cause Indemnitee irreparable harm. Accordingly, the Company and Indemnitee agree
that Indemnitee shall be entitled to temporary and permanent injunctive relief
to enforce this Agreement without the necessity of proving actual damages or
irreparable harm. The Company and Indemnitee further agree that Indemnitee shall
be entitled to such injunctive relief, including temporary restraining orders,
preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions, without the necessity of
posting bond or other undertaking in connection therewith. Any such requirement
of bond or undertaking is hereby waived by the Company, and the Company
acknowledges that in the absence of such a waiver, a bond or undertaking may be
required by the court.

            (e) The Company shall be precluded from asserting that the
procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and
enforceable. The Company shall stipulate in any such court or before any such
arbitrator that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement and
is precluded from making any assertion to the contrary.

            (f) Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in connection with his request
for indemnification under, seeking enforcement of or to recover damages for
breach of this Agreement shall be borne and advanced by the Company.

      10. Other Rights to Indemnification. Indemnitee's rights of
indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by this Agreement shall not
be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may now or in the
future be entitled under applicable law, the Certificate, the Bylaws, an
employment agreement, a vote of shareholders or Disinterested Directors,
insurance or other financial arrangements or otherwise.

      11. Limitations on Indemnification. No indemnification pursuant to Section
4 shall be paid by the Company nor shall Expenses be advanced pursuant to
Section 5:

            (a) Insurance. To the extent that Indemnitee is reimbursed pursuant
to such insurance as may exist for Indemnitee's benefit. Notwithstanding the
availability of such insurance, Indemnitee also may claim indemnification from
the Company pursuant to this Agreement by assigning to the Company any claims
under such insurance to the extent Indemnitee is paid by the Company. Indemnitee
shall reimburse the Company for any sums he receives as indemnification from
other sources to the extent of any amount paid to him for that purpose by the
Company;

            (b) Section 16(b). On account and to the extent of any wholly or
partially successful claim against Indemnitee for an accounting of profits made
from the purchase or sale by Indemnitee of securities of the Company pursuant to
the provisions of section 16(b)


                                     - 6 -
<PAGE>

or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and amendments thereto or
similar provisions of any federal, state or local statutory law;

            (c) Lack of Good Faith. To indemnify Indemnitee for any expenses
incurred by Indemnitee with respect to any Proceeding instituted by Indemnitee
to enforce or interpret this Agreement, if a court of competent jurisdiction
determines that each of the material assertions made by Indemnitee in such
Proceeding was not made in good faith or was frivolous; or

            (d) Indemnitee's Proceedings. Except as otherwise provided in this
Agreement, in connection with all or any part of a Proceeding which is initiated
or maintained by or on behalf of Indemnitee, or any Proceeding by Indemnitee
against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other agents,
unless (a) such indemnification is expressly required to be made by Delaware
Law, (b) the Proceeding was authorized by a majority of the Disinterested
Directors or (c) such indemnification is provided by the Company, in its sole
discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under Delaware Law.

      12. Duration and Scope of Agreement; Binding Effect. This Agreement shall
continue so long as Indemnitee shall be subject to any possible Proceeding
subject to indemnification by reason of the fact that he is or was an Agent and
shall be applicable to any Proceeding commenced or continued after execution of
this Agreement, whether arising from acts or omissions occurring before,
concurrently with or after such execution. This Agreement shall be binding upon
the Company and its successors and assigns (including any direct or indirect
successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or
substantially all of the business or assets of the Company) and shall inure to
the benefit of Indemnitee and his spouse, assigns, heirs, devisees, executors,
administrators and other legal representatives.

      13. Notice by Indemnitee and Defense of Claims. Indemnitee agrees promptly
to notify the Company in writing upon being served with any summons, citation,
subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any
matter which may be subject to indemnification hereunder, whether civil,
criminal, arbitrative, administrative or investigative; but the omission so to
notify the Company will not relieve it from any liability which it may have to
Indemnitee if such omission does not actually prejudice the Company's rights
and, if such omission does prejudice the Company's rights, it will relieve the
Company from liability only to the extent of such prejudice; nor will such
omission relieve the Company from any liability which it may have to Indemnitee
otherwise than under this Agreement. With respect to any Proceeding:

            (i) The Company will be entitled to participate therein at its own
            expense;


                                     - 7 -
<PAGE>

            (ii) Except as otherwise provided below, to the extent that it may
            wish, the Company jointly with any other indemnifying party
            similarly notified will be entitled to assume the defense thereof,
            with counsel reasonably satisfactory to Indemnitee. After notice
            from the Company to Indemnitee of its election so to assume the
            defense thereof and the assumption of such defense, the Company will
            not be liable to Indemnitee under this Agreement for any attorney
            fees or costs subsequently incurred by Indemnitee in connection with
            Indemnitee's defense except as otherwise provided below. Indemnitee
            shall have the right to employ his counsel in such Proceeding but
            the fees and expenses of such counsel incurred after notice from the
            Company of its assumption of the defense thereof and the assumption
            of such defense shall be at the expense of Indemnitee unless (i) the
            employment of counsel by Indemnitee has been authorized by the
            Company, (ii) Indemnitee shall have reasonably concluded that there
            may be a conflict of interest between the Company and Indemnitee in
            the conduct of the defense of such action or that the Company's
            counsel may not be adequately representing Indemnitee or (iii) the
            Company shall not in fact have employed counsel to assume the
            defense of such action, in each of which cases the fees and expenses
            of counsel shall be at the expense of the Company; and

            (iii) The Company shall not be liable to indemnify Indemnitee under
            this Agreement for any amounts paid in settlement of any action or
            claim effected without its written consent. The Company shall not
            settle any action or claim which would impose any limitation or
            penalty on Indemnitee without Indemnitee's written consent. Neither
            the Company nor Indemnitee will unreasonably withhold its or his
            consent to any proposed settlement.

      14. Contribution. In order to provide for just and equitable contribution
in circumstances in which the indemnification provided for in this Agreement is
held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unavailable to Indemnitee in
whole or part, the Company shall, in such an event, after taking into account,
among other things, contributions by other directors and officers of the Company
pursuant to indemnification agreements or otherwise, and, in the absence of
personal enrichment, acts of intentional fraud, dishonesty, disloyalty, willful
misconduct or criminal conduct on the part of Indemnitee, contribute to the
payment of Indemnitee's losses to the extent that, after other contributions are
taken into account, such losses exceed: (a) in the case of a director of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries who is not an officer of the Company or any
of such subsidiaries, the amount of fees paid to the director for serving as a
director during the twelve (12) months preceding the commencement of the
Proceeding; or (b) in the case of a director of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries who is also an officer of the Company or any of such subsidiaries,
the amount set forth in clause (a) plus five percent (5%) of the aggregate cash
compensation paid to said director for service in such office(s) during the
twelve (12) months preceding the commencement of the Proceeding; or (c) in the
case of an officer of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, five percent (5%)
of the aggregate cash compensation paid to such officer for service in such
office(s) during the twelve (12) months preceding the commencement of such
Proceeding.

      15. Miscellaneous Provisions.


                                     - 8 -
<PAGE>

            (a) Severability; Partial Indemnity. If any provision or provisions
of this Agreement (or any portion thereof) shall be held by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatever:
(a) such provision shall be limited or modified in its application to the
minimum extent necessary to avoid the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability
of such provision; (b) the validity, legality and enforceability of the
remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not in any way be affected or
impaired thereby; and (c) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this
Agreement shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested by
the provision (or portion thereof) held invalid, illegal or unenforceable. If
Indemnitee is entitled under any provision of this Agreement to indemnification
by the Company for some or a portion of any Expenses or Liabilities of any type
whatsoever incurred by him in the investigation, defense, settlement or appeal
of a Proceeding but not entitled to all of the total amount thereof, the Company
shall nevertheless indemnify Indemnitee for such total amount except as to the
portion thereof for which it has been determined pursuant to Section 6 hereof
that Indemnitee is not entitled.

            (b) Identical Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or
more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an
original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement.
Only one such counterpart signed by the party against whom enforceability is
sought needs to be produced to evidence the existence of this Agreement.

            (c) Interpretation of Agreement. It is understood that the parties
hereto intend this Agreement to be interpreted and enforced so as to provide
indemnification to Indemnitee to the fullest extent not now or hereafter
prohibited by law.

            (d) Headings. The headings of the sections and paragraphs of this
Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to
constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof.

            (e) Pronouns. Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed to
include use of the feminine pronoun where appropriate.

            (f) Modification and Waiver. No supplement, modification or
amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by both
of the parties to this Agreement. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement
shall be deemed to constitute a waiver of any of the provisions hereof (whether
or not similar) nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver. No waiver
of any provision of this Agreement shall be effective unless executed in
writing.

            (g) Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communications
hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if (a)
delivered by hand and receipted for by the party to whom said notice or other
communication shall have been directed, (b) mailed by certified or registered
mail with postage prepaid, on the third business day after the date on which it
is so mailed, (c) sent via facsimile with the transmission and receipt of such
facsimile having been confirmed in a reputable manner, or (d) sent via
electronic mail with the transmission and receipt of such electronic mail having
been confirmed in a reputable manner:


                                     - 9 -
<PAGE>

            (i)  If to Indemnitee, to:       ___________________________________
                                             ___________________________________
                                             ___________________________________
                                             ___________________________________
                                             Telephone: (___) ___-_____
                                             Fax: (___) ___-_____

            (ii)  If to the Company to:      Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation
                                             2525 E. El Segundo Boulevard
                                             El Segundo, CA 90245
                                             Attn:  Gary S. Meade
                                             Telephone: (310) 536-0611
                                             Fax: (310) 297-7595

            With a copy to:                  Irell & Manella LLP
                                             1800 Avenue of the Stars, Suite 900
                                             Los Angeles, CA 90067
                                             Attn:  Andrew W. Gross
                                             Telephone: (310) 277-1010
                                             Fax: (310) 203-7199

or to such other address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee by the Company
or to the Company by Indemnitee, as the case may be.

            (h) Governing Law. The parties agree that this Agreement shall be
governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the
State of Delaware, as applied to contracts between Delaware residents entered
into and to be performed entirely within Delaware.

            (i) Consent to Jurisdiction. The Company and Indemnitee each hereby
irrevocably consent to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State of California
for all purposes in connection with any action or proceeding which arises out of
or relates to this agreement and agree that any action instituted under this
agreement shall be brought only in the state courts of the State of California.

            (j) Entire Agreement. This Agreement represents the entire agreement
between the parties hereto, and there are no other agreements, contracts or
understanding between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter of
this Agreement, except as specifically referred to herein or as provided in
Sections 3 and 9 hereof.


                                     - 10 -
<PAGE>

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on the
day and year first above written.


                                      BIG 5 SPORTING GOODS CORPORATION,
                                      a Delaware corporation

                                      __________________________________________
                                      By:    ___________________________________
                                      Its:   ___________________________________


                                      INDEMNITEE


                                      __________________________________________
                                      Name: ____________________________________


                                      - 11 -

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
